they like it beautiful
I'm bored I'm frightened he's humans for
ages your brawny breathe huh
so much coming now what's all this about
the Loch Ness monster
it was huge it's a tired the middle road
squeak at me miss squeak is sick
are you sure it wasn't a very large
house washing up this monster it made me
lose off my load off the back of my
lorry oh you'll be going back to
retrieve it that I supports not Verona
porridge in Scott anyone who finds it is
welcome to it are there ever a guide
squeaking much doesn't eat stuff
announces come on sporty I wonder what
the Nessie's have been up to Angus go on
elspeth let's go and find out
look at all the mess Angus Lari driver
was right it did have to leave in a
hurry
listen Elspeth do you hear a squeaking
noise it's coming from over here
oh she's miss what's the matter
I've lost my has turned into screech
listen he sounds more like squeak Ennis
nut ferociousness it's a shame we must
call the other nasties and see if they
can help him the two children blue on
the whistle whistles and he'll Highness
appeared such good manners also trouble
with ferociousness he looks terrible
he's lost his roar all he can do is
squeak your highness didn't you there's
only one cure for squeak you are and
that's hot tone young lover
there's plenty of honey and lemons on
the road I flip fell off the back of a
lorry
I've heard that started before now then
did you go and collect them I organized
my tin us to get something to cook them
in the splendid honey and lemon mixer
has been in our family for generations
children it isn't better cement mixer
Angus Shh top the honey and lemons into
the mixer good now stand well back
children this is a little trick I
learned from a cousin in China
not far away stop the car Hector yes
this is an ideal spot for a picnic
Hector well certainly looks nice and
high Hilda dear I can smell honey and
lemons cooking dear oh do be silly dear
what else cooks honey and lemons out
there in the country good heavens you'll
be single hot mess monster next I think
that's about ready don't you children
boys yes your majesty
this smells delicious ferocious now
how's your more ferociousness has it
come back yet I do it new you I'll try
it out hold it Matilda
isn't that a redfish Warbler I can hear
in the bushes
oh do be careful ferociousness you might
frighten someone with a roar like that
boy that wasn't my threatening Lord this
is my frightening Lord that was a
frightening Lord thank goodness there
wasn't anyone around to hear it
Rotterdam
the